Update .NET migration articles (#1641)
dotnet/docs-desktop: dotnet-desktop-guide/net/wpf/overview/index.md

This overview is intended for newcomers and covers the key capabilities and concepts of WPF. To learn how to create a WPF app, see [Tutorial: Create a new WPF app](../get-started/create-app-visual-studio.md).

## Why upgrade from .NET Framework

> WPF for .NET provides new features and enhancements over .NET Framework. For more information, see [How to upgrade a WPF desktop app to .NET 7](../migration/index.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you are upgrading your application from .NET Framework to .NET, you will benefit from much better performance, new .NET APIs, the latest C# language, improved accessibility and reliability, lots of .NET platform enhancements, new updated tooling and many more. To learn how to upgrade your application, see [How to upgrade a WPF desktop app to .NET 7](../migration/index.md).
```

Author: ```suggestion
When you are upgrading your application from .NET Framework to .NET, you will benefit from:

- Better performance
- New .NET APIs
- The latest language improvements
- Improved accessibility and reliability
- Updated tooling and more

To learn how to upgrade your application, see [How to upgrade a WPF desktop app to .NET 7](../migration/index.md).
```
